Ijiri Junko: Daughter of the legendary Ijiri Hidekazu; arrested under mysterious circumstances four years ago, after the death of her father and the destruction of the family home. Officially she was charged with arson and homicide, but was only found guilty for the arson charge. She served four years, and eventually a staff member of Morinaka appealed her case and got her out right before her eighteenth birthday. The story starts when she’s dropped off at Morinaka’s remedial school building in handcuffs, and thrust into the care of beleaguered homeroom and history teacher, Komura Ryuu.
    Personality: Junko comes off quite serious at first glance, and to those who haven't met her yet, cold. But this first impression would be entirely wrong. While she is rather straight laced, diligent, and a bit of a bore, she's unfailingly kind to everyone she meets. Generally, she likes other people, and likes to listen more than she likes to talk, which makes her seem shy or aloof, depending on the lighting. Although she's scared to be hurt again, after her years in jail, she's profoundly lonely, and longs to build something long-lasting.
    Favorite Food: Taco Rice
    Appearance: Short white hair, red eyes, malnourished
    Blood Type:


Komura Ryuu (竜 ): History and remedial homeroom teacher at Morinaka Hunting Academy. When he heard that Junko had been arrested, he spent a good portion of his savings hiring a lawyer to appeal her case. He’d known Junko as a young girl, seeing as he was her father’s old friend, and knew there was no way she could’ve burned the house down or killed her father. After four years, he successfully frees her, and enrolls her in the remedial program.

Love intrests:

Ise: Programmer, has lizard-like claws for hands and feet, due to a magical accident when she was in the womb. Voluntarily chose the remedial program because of how poorly she fit in elsewhere. She doesn’t seem to mind the stigma the program has; it’s only been good to her, and she gets along with all her classmates.

Mimi: A mage with a focus on healing; autistic. All her siblings are in the mainstream program at Morinaka, but her parents decided to put her in the remedial program instead, due to her less ‘socially acceptable’ nature. She’s a little upset about being in the program, but thinks she deserves it.

Yui: A student who loves cooking.

Kasuga: Mage who was once in the mainstream program. She probably resents the remedial separation the most, because it represents all the things she lost.
